Fix cursor positioning for files containing emoji (#13340)
prettier/prettier: changelog_unreleased/javascript/13340.md

> #### Fix range format for files contains emoji (#13340 by @fisker)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Fix cursor positioning for files containing emoji (#13340 by @fisker)
```
Range format is a different feature.
